Reorganize versioning docs out of ARM subdirectory (#4217)
Azure/typespec-azure: website/src/content/docs/docs/howtos/Versioning/uncommon-scenarios/02-perpetual-preview.md

---

> title: "ARM: Managing a Single Active Preview with Perpetual Preview Features"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "ARM: Managing a Single Active Preview When Some Features Always Remain in Preview"
```

llmstxt: true
---

:::note

> This document applies specifically to **Azure Resource Manager (ARM) APIs**. Data plane services should follow the [general versioning guidance](../01-about-versioning.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document applies specifically to **Azure Resource Manager (ARM) APIs**. Data plane services should not allow versions to remain in preview across stable releases.
```

> This document applies specifically to **Azure Resource Manager (ARM) APIs**. Data plane services should not allow versions to remain in preview across stable releases.

Reviewer 2: I think I've run across data-plane services that do perpetually forward features into the next api version, however if it's not officially supported then seems ok to say that this is just for arm

Reviewer: It is a well-intentioned fib :-)

    newName: int32;
  ```

> - Add any new type changes to stable version (A + 1) and decorate appropriately, as shown in the [versioning guide](../06-evolving-apis.md). Note that these changes should also appear in the new preview (A + 2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add any new type changes to stable version (A + 1) and decorate appropriately, as shown in the [versioning guide](../06-evolving-apis.md). Note that these changes will also appear in the new preview (A + 2)
```
